# Final Self-Assessment (Spring Semester)


My individual contribution to this project consists of all the project tasks and work as it was a solo project. These tasks consisted of things such as: documentation, programming, bug testing, presentation, and creative work. The skills I identified within my initial assessment from the Fall were most definitely built upon and improved. I improved my skills in python programming, git, web development, cloud computing, databases and the general aspects of presentation. Overall, my Computer Science skills and background helped me complete all of the project tasks and I was able to use the project as a great learning and personal development experience along the way.

I did several things throughout the course of the project primarily surrounding the key project's major milestones. The major milestones consistent firstly of a Web Application. I designed and programmed a user interface for the web application. I implemented several different features into the application. These include but are not limited to: visualization of stocks, a user-friendly interface, a watch list and portfolio to monitor price changes, drawing tools and indicators for investment strategies and a database. With the web application being the primary milestone a database was also secondary. The database needs to have access to api data for stocks. So this was another large aspect that I worked on for the project.

Along the way there was a collection of both successes and obstacles. I faced many challenges along the way. One of the biggest challenges faced was integrating the data analytics and visualization feature into the web application. Another big challenge was coming up with a method to ensure that the web application is user-friendly and easy to use. Most of the rest of the project was a success and there are definitely things I would like to work on in the future to further improve the project. To overcome the challenges I faced along the way I conducted extensive research and testing inorder to find the best possible solution to each problem that was faced.

Since this was a solo project I learned to work alone and every aspect of the project had to be completed under my own assurance. I needed to plan out each task of the project accordingly throughout the semester so that I had enough time to both research and perform each task. Doing a large project by myself helped me learn that on a large scale projects can take a lot of time to both perform and plan out. There is a long planning process and documentation that needs to be done beforehand to make sure everything is done according to plan. Ultimately, throughout the course of the project I learned many new skills and improved upon others that I already have acquired throughout my college experience. This project work will surely be a great asset for my future.
